she she fits into the home Internet the
doctor for all the cops and judges and
narcotics officers who would use the
camera hi Chris what I made
a little bit on that
to win the get in mind today I know what
I want yeah already got it ready Mortal
Kombat symbol I'm gonna murder it I'm
gonna murder it oh my god but it's gonna
be like right here
all right shit yeah over there are you
sure that a fit
yeah I don't think that'll fit man you
still put that on some bare skin now I
want to cover this shit up right this is
gonna be awesome fucking love the more
combat logo yeah buddy what we got here
derailleurs sky right here Lopes is
hunting
you're about done mark
don't that K I'm trying to laugh I get
to under these conditions don't bite
down you see the spread to your soap and
see if the alcohol works you know
another thing it substitute substitutes
for smacking it you know we didn't want
to smack some more branded persons tat
spray some alcohol in there just as
effective
ah wait for it wait for it that I think
mark just wanted me to hold his hand
I'll clean it up a little bit see its
layer with antlers let me go
antlers Slayer antler alright and I had
not finished product that's that
anywhere out